== Treasury Pin

A little one-bite, one-page rails site that turns your Etsy Treasury into a Pinterest Pin.

The deal is this -- as of today (7/4/2012) -- you can of course pin items from Etsy onto Pinterest.  One of the cool features over at Etsy (and I make a motion with my hand towards the east, towards Brooklyn), is creating a Treasury, which is a collection of items from your store, or other stores, under a specific theme.  Treasuries serve as a good way to get your products noticed, as it's a neat, curated list of favorites to browse through.

Once you've created a Treasury, you've essentially curated a collection.  If you wanted to share that collection on Pinterest, turns out, not so easy.  You could do it one-by-one, but that defeats the whole "collection" idea. So, the other morning, this was the "somebody should..." conversation I had with my wife (both an Etsy seller and Pinterest fan).  And, here you go.

Treasury Pin is a simple Rails site that uses Nokogiri to parse out the first eight images from a Treasury you specify.  Then, using mini_magick and RMagick, it makes a simple single image that combines all eight images.  Next, it loads this onto Amazon S3, then wraps that all in the Pinterest javascript tag so you can easily Pin-it.

The site uses jQuery and the jQuery-One-Page-Nav for navigation.  Not without some fussiness for getting it to nav right on the iPad, and I can detail that fussiness if anyone wants more info.
link:https://github.com/davist11/jQuery-One-Page-Nav

